README.md, before:

# What's this?
My attempt to make a Totentanz client apk with further client-side modifications.

Modifications:

scene0 stuff:
- AvCenter/AvLeft/AvRight has their font changed to Koruri Semibold and positioned higher to accomodate 3 row dialogue text (if font size <= 20)
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/0u27qo.png)
- Adjusted floating dialogue box (Fnarration) font to Koruri Semibold
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/43fi0r.png)

Story:
- Name font changed to Koruri Semibold with NA font size
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/4gyxac.png)

Homescreen:
- Fixed center subtitle position
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/apf9bu.png)

# Magia Translate
[![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/665980614998097941.svg)](https://discord.gg/6vncnjj)  
This is the client source code for Magia Translate, an English translation modification for Magia Record JP. It is licenced under the GNU General Public License v3.0.

## How to build
- Clone the repository including all submodules `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/rayshift/magiatranslate`
- If you don't have Android Studio installed, you may download [command line tools](https://developer.android.com/studio#command-tools) only.
- Downlad `NDK` (`ndk;25.2.9519653`), `CMake` (`cmake;3.22.1`) and `Android SDK Build-Tools` (`build-tools;33.0.2`) with [sdkmanager](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/sdkmanager), or just use its GUI to install them if you have Android Studio installed.
- Install the python requirements in requirements.txt.
- Move `sign_example.bat` to `sign.bat` and add your jarsigner keystore, alias and password.
- Place your magia record APKs in the `apk` and `armv7apk` directory.
- Run `build_release.bat`.

Notes:
- Use `build_debug.bat` if you want a debug build with debug symbols.
- If your apk has split ABIs (armeabi-v7a/arm64), you will need to move the other `libmadomagi_native.so` into `build/app/lib/{ARCH}`. For example, if the arm7 version of the game is placed in `apk/`, you need to move the `arm8` .so manually, and vice versa.

## Contributing
Create a pull request with your contributions. Please do not submit any copyrighted content (images) to this repository. 

Ensure you test your changes on both armeabi-v7a and arm64-v8a. Also test an emulator such as Nox. To force install a specific ABI, use something like:
`adb.exe -s device install --abi arm64-v8a -r -d .\MagiaTranslate_v2.2.6_v110.apk`

## Further reading
- The server source code is now public at https://github.com/rayshift/kamihama-server - in order to change the server URL, edit the URLs in the smali file `smali/MagiaNative/app/src/main/java/io/kamihama/magianative/RestClient.smali`. You can also recompile the smali file by loading the MagiaNative project in Android Studio, editing `RestClient.java`, and compiling with this plugin: https://github.com/ollide/intellij-java2smali
- The hooking library used is https://github.com/jmpews/Dobby.

Commit message:

feat: handle other positions for homescreen subtitle

README.md, after:

# What's this?
My attempt to make a Totentanz client apk with further client-side modifications.

Modifications:

scene0 stuff:
- AvCenter/AvLeft/AvRight has their font changed to Koruri Semibold and positioned higher to accomodate 3 row dialogue text (if font size <= 20)
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/0u27qo.png)
- Adjusted floating dialogue box (Fnarration) font to Koruri Semibold
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/43fi0r.png)

Story:
- Name font changed to Koruri Semibold with NA font size
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/4gyxac.png)

Homescreen:
- Fixed subtitle positions for centered/other positions in homescreen
![Image](https://files.catbox.moe/apf9bu.png)

# Magia Translate
[![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/665980614998097941.svg)](https://discord.gg/6vncnjj)  
This is the client source code for Magia Translate, an English translation modification for Magia Record JP. It is licenced under the GNU General Public License v3.0.

## How to build
- Clone the repository including all submodules `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/rayshift/magiatranslate`
- If you don't have Android Studio installed, you may download [command line tools](https://developer.android.com/studio#command-tools) only.
- Downlad `NDK` (`ndk;25.2.9519653`), `CMake` (`cmake;3.22.1`) and `Android SDK Build-Tools` (`build-tools;33.0.2`) with [sdkmanager](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/sdkmanager), or just use its GUI to install them if you have Android Studio installed.
- Install the python requirements in requirements.txt.
- Move `sign_example.bat` to `sign.bat` and add your jarsigner keystore, alias and password.
- Place your magia record APKs in the `apk` and `armv7apk` directory.
- Run `build_release.bat`.

Notes:
- Use `build_debug.bat` if you want a debug build with debug symbols.
- If your apk has split ABIs (armeabi-v7a/arm64), you will need to move the other `libmadomagi_native.so` into `build/app/lib/{ARCH}`. For example, if the arm7 version of the game is placed in `apk/`, you need to move the `arm8` .so manually, and vice versa.

## Contributing
Create a pull request with your contributions. Please do not submit any copyrighted content (images) to this repository. 

Ensure you test your changes on both armeabi-v7a and arm64-v8a. Also test an emulator such as Nox. To force install a specific ABI, use something like:
`adb.exe -s device install --abi arm64-v8a -r -d .\MagiaTranslate_v2.2.6_v110.apk`

## Further reading
- The server source code is now public at https://github.com/rayshift/kamihama-server - in order to change the server URL, edit the URLs in the smali file `smali/MagiaNative/app/src/main/java/io/kamihama/magianative/RestClient.smali`. You can also recompile the smali file by loading the MagiaNative project in Android Studio, editing `RestClient.java`, and compiling with this plugin: https://github.com/ollide/intellij-java2smali
- The hooking library used is https://github.com/jmpews/Dobby.
